{
    "title": "Senate Leaders on Las Vegas Shooting, Puerto Rico",
    "description": "(3 Oct 2017) Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell says it's too early to talk legislation after the deadliest mass shooting in Las Vegas. \r\n\"I think it's particularly appropriate to politicize an event,\" said McConnell.\r\n\"It just happened within the last day and a half. It's entirely premature to be discussing about legislative solutions, if any.\"\r\nWhile Minority Leader Chuck Schumer says the president needs to step up response on guns and Puerto Rico. \r\n\"We have sent a letter to the president,\" said Schumer.\r\n\"He said after Sandy he supported the kind of bills we support. Let's hold him to that, break from the NRA which is making things worse and work with us to get something done. We need his help.\"\r\nSchumer went on to criticize the President for his comments while visiting Puerto Rico Tuesday.\r\n\"Mr. President enough, stop blaming Puerto Rico for the storm that devastated their shores and roll up your sleeves and get the recovery on track,\" said Schumer.\r\n\"That's your job as president. I don't remember the president telling Texas that they throw our budget out of whack after Harvey. Or Florida after Irma.\"\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/2712ea0b53836f8d19399718c1b2b8e9 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184246",
    "videoid": "123185930",
    "date_created": "1507504187",
    "date_modified": "1508436415",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c2\/senate-leaders-on-las-vegas-shooting-puerto-rico\/123184246-123185930"
}