{
    "title": "Frieze celebrates once shunned female artists in major show",
    "description": "(4 Oct 2017) LEADIN:\r\nBlack and female artists are being celebrated at this year's Frieze Art Fair.\r\nSome experts at the London event are also claiming that the time is right for contemporary artists to challenge US President, Donald Trump.\r\nSTORYLINE \r\nPaintings, sculptures, performance and more - it's the very best of modern and contemporary art, on show at Frieze London art fair.\r\nFrom New York to Egypt and Hong Kong, this is a truly an international hub of creativity.\r\nThis year's edition of Frieze Art Fair features around 160 galleries with works from more than 1,000 artists. \r\n\"This is an extremely important moment commercially for the galleries in the fair,\" says Victoria Siddall, director of Frieze Fairs.\r\n\"It's the moment when the whole art world comes to London and a huge number of sales have taken place already here today, from the sort of millions of pounds range to the sort of much lower price range. But galleries are showing artists at all different levels, all different stages of their careers and it's essential that all of them do well.\"\r\nThe art world has shifted in recent years to embrace a more diverse group of artists including women, feminists and artists of colour.\r\nThat's reflected in the art available at Frieze.\r\nLondon-based artist Georgina Starr is staging this performance work, named 'Androgynous Egg.'\r\nStarr is known for creating complex works that explore female identity and create multi-layered theatrical events.\r\n\"The mainstream art world is seriously looking at black artists, at female artists, perhaps now more than ever,\" says art critic, Estelle Lovatt. \r\n\"If we look at what's going on politically, theirs is the strongest voice, talking about sex and talking about politics. The underdog, those that have generally been ignored by society, the art world is now giving them a voice.\"\r\nA new addition to this year's event is a section called 'Sex work: Feminist Art &amp; Radical Politics'.\r\nIt features nine solo presentations of female artists who explored extreme feminist topics during the 1970s and 80s. \r\nMany were shunned by museums and galleries at the time due to their explicit nature and potentially offensive sexually explicit imagery, but now - decades later - they're finally being given a spotlight.\r\n\"Their work feels extremely timely right now, especially with the kind of misogyny coming from the President of the United States and from other quarters, so these old stories of second wave feminism couldn't be any more important to discuss today,\" says the section's curator Alison Gingeras.\r\nLondon-based Stephan Friedman Gallery is dedicating its entire booth to the steel sculptures of American sculptor Melvin Edwards.\r\nBorn in 1937 in Houston, Texas, Edwards is considered to be a pioneer in the history of contemporary Africa-American art and sculpture.\r\nDuring the 1960s, he responded to racial violence in American history. In the early 1970s, he explored activism against the Vietnam War.\r\n\"It all mixes up together and comes out differently in each piece,\" he says. \r\n\"You know, it's like the word 'love' in poetry. So many poems and songs with 'love' in it, the word should have been used up. But people forget, some people say 'I'd love to kill that so and so over there' so it's the context of the form, the object, you know. A lock is sometime protective, sometimes oppressive.\"\r\nAnd the veteran artist says he never subscribed to the idea that art is the preserve of the white elites.\r\n\"Art didn't belong to either white people or any particular class. Human beings have made art from the beginning of as far as we know. And why should I stop? And I'm not about to give one particular group credit for art. That's impossible.\"\r\nIt's featuring work by artists Basim Magdy, Taha Belal and Tamara Al Semerraei.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/189f6df6d5a3d6207e6be367d6aac8ec \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184246",
    "videoid": "123185751",
    "date_created": "1507589735",
    "date_modified": "1508436414",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c2\/frieze-celebrates-once-shunned-female-artists-in-major-show\/123184246-123185751"
}