{
    "title": "xcvb",
    "description": "(5 Oct 2017) LEADIN\nKarachi residents have been treated to an elaborate aerobatics display by Britain's Red Arrows in conjunction with the Pakistan Air Force. \nThe airshow is marking the 70th anniversary of Pakistan's independence from Britain and celebrating the two countries ongoing diplomatic relationship. \nSTORYLINE\nPutting on a show in the skies above Karachi. \nThe famous 'Red Arrows' of the British Royal Air Force (RAF) display their aerobatic excellence in collaboration with the Pakistan Air Force (PAF). \nJF-17 Thunder aircrafts of the PAF joined in the manoeuvers that coloured the sky with red, white and blue.\nLocal resident Umair-ul-Islam, who has a son that serves in the PAF, says it was an amazing sight.\n\"The Red Arrows are known the world over for their performances and they excel at it,\" he says. \n\"For them to perform here is great as it reiterates to the world that Karachi's security situation has improved drastically. The credit also goes to the Pakistan Air Force for hosting such an event.\"\nKarachi residents showed up in large numbers for the public show at the city's coastal strip.\nThe 'Hurricane' move by the Red Arrows was singled out as a highlight.\n\"I feel very proud that the British (Royal) Air Force team came to Pakistan. I really enjoyed the show, particularly the 'Hurricane.' It was wonderful,\" says spectator and student Maida Khan. \nBritish High Commissioner Thomas Drew thanked the PAF for hosting the Red Arrows at its base and facilitating the show. \n\"And thank you of course to the Red Arrows themselves for making it all the way here to mark the occasion. The buzz, the innovation, the team work, the style that they bring, things that I hope will characterize relationship of our two countries over the next 70 years.\"\nThe Red Arrows, is one of the world's premier aerobatic display teams and is the public face of the RAF\nFlying distinctive Hawk jets, the team is made up of pilots, engineers and essential support staff with frontline, operational experience.\n\n\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/9916a6fe08db97b5731f19399cce4f0e \nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184222",
    "videoid": "123185540",
    "date_created": "1507658530",
    "date_modified": "1508456116",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c1\/britain-s-red-arrows-put-on-a-show-over-karachi\/123184222-123185540"
}