{
    "title": "Nerves rattled, Puerto Rico elderly anxious after hurricane",
    "description": "(4 Oct 2017) Locked out of his home and with nowhere else to go, Wilfredo Ortiz Marrero rode out Hurricane Maria inside a Jeep, which was lifted off its wheels by floodwaters in the parking lot. \r\nHe then endured days without enough food or running water. \r\nThe lights are back on Wednesday at his residence for low-income elderly people, and food has started arriving, but he still waits as long as he can each night to leave the company of others in the lobby. \r\nAlone in his room, he sometimes starts to shake. \r\nThe hurricane that pummeled Puerto Rico two weeks ago and the scarcity-marked aftermath are taking a toll on islanders' equilibrium. \r\nThe U.S. territory's government counted two suicides among the death toll that has increased to 34, and with many communities still waiting for power and clean water, there is concern about others reaching a breaking point. \r\nStudents and staff at Ponce Health Sciences University are visiting shelters and people in hardest-hit communities to provide psychological help, among other services.\r\nOfficials count the death toll now at 34 from 16 on the basis of a report commissioned by Governor Ricardo Rossello, to consult with hospitals and gain a more complete picture. \r\nThe count also includes sick and elderly who died after the storm, including some who died because oxygen could not be delivered amid power outages.\r\nOrtiz and other residents of the residential tower in Trujillo Alta, outside San Juan, say the building administration ordered them to leave ahead of the hurricane. \r\nSome were picked up by family, but Ortiz said with relatives to collect him, he had no choice but to stay in his Jeep until a chain around the building was removed. \r\nAnother resident, Felix Manuel Lopez, a 73-year-old Army veteran, said he has seen a Veterans Affairs counselor to help with anxiety that came back after he returned from a shelter to his darkened apartment.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/f4b7ab67ceab5f16073b07b21fd28935 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184246",
    "videoid": "123185766",
    "date_created": "1507593457",
    "date_modified": "1508436412",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c2\/nerves-rattled-puerto-rico-elderly-anxious-after-hurricane\/123184246-123185766"
}