{
    "title": "Myanmar govt: 163 killed in attacks by Rohingya Muslims",
    "description": "(27 Sep 2017) RESTRICTION SUMMARY: AP CLIENTS ONLY\r\n++SHOTLIST CORRECTED TO IDENTIFY TURKISH MINISTER AS RECEP AKDAG++\r\n\r\nASSOCIATED PRESS - AP CLIENTS ONLY\r\nCox's Bazar - 26 September 2017\r\n1. Various of a Hindu refugee family from Myanmar in a shelter at a poultry shed near Kutupalong Hindu Para area\r\n2. Various of a Hindu woman and her brother (holding cellphone) talking to their relatives in Myanmar\r\n3. Bina Sharma (sitting on the chair) and other Hindu refugee women who lost family members in violence in Myanmar standing with their children\r\n4. SOUNDBITE (Rohingya dialect) Bina Sharma, Hindu refugee from Myanmar:\r\n\"Some people covering their faces with black cloth came to our village and brought us out from our houses and asked us to gather at one place. Most of our neighbours are Muslims. Masked men threatened us and asked us to give them cash and gold. We told them we have nothing but they started to beat us. As they started to beat us we handed them cash and gold items and told them not to beat our parents. Later they killed my mother-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, and my younger brother. They killed 10 of my family members.\"\r\n5. Hindu refugees Puja Mollik (Right) and Promila Shil standing with their children\r\n6. SOUNDBITE (Rohingya dialect) Bina Sharma, Hindu refugee from Myanmar:\r\n\"They left the place and brought us to Bangladesh and confined us in a camp. In Bangladesh they wanted to torture and kill us but we told them that we would convert to Islam and abide by their rules. But after few days our relatives Babul and Sapon, both representatives of local government, were able to find us and took us to the refugee camp with the help of the police. They gave us food and clothing and since then we are living here.\" \r\n7. Hindu refugee women receiving aid\r\nAP TELEVISION - AP CLIENTS ONLY\r\nCox's Bazar - 27 September 2017\r\n8. Recep Akdag, Turkish Deputy Prime Minister and other officials arriving at Kutupalong camp for Rohingya refugees\r\n9. Various of Akdag at the camp along with Bangladesh Disaster Management and Relief Minister Mofazzal Hossain Chowdhury (in white dress) and other officials\r\n10. Akdag briefing the media\r\n11. SOUNDBITE (English) Recep Akdag, Turkish Deputy Prime Minister:\r\n\"I like to increase our voice here, right from here in the settlement area of the Rohingya people in Bangladesh\u2026 All the countries in the world please don't close your eyes, please don't close your ears. I mean it's a great tragedy here, hopeless people here\u2026 It's unfair. So we have to fight. Just give them their rights. They go back their homes to settle in their villages and to live over there. It should be, I mean, this kind of support should be a temporary approach.\"       \r\n12. Akdag's motorcade leaving the Kutupalong camp; a Rohingya boy chasing Akdag's vehicle asking for help  \r\nSTORYLINE:\r\nAt least 163 people have been killed and 91 others have gone missing over the past year in attacks carried out by Rohingya Muslim militants in Myanmar's restive Rakhine state, Myanmar government officials claimed.\r\nThe comments came after the bodies of at least 45 Hindus were discovered in three mass graves earlier in the week. \r\nThe Myanmar government blames Muslim insurgents for the killings.\r\nLocal authorities said the 45 bodies were among about 100 Hindus missing since the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army or ARSA carried out the simultaneous attacks on the police outposts.\r\nThere was no immediate way to independently verify the government's claims.\r\nHindu families who crossed from Myanmar to Bangladesh to flee the violence said their family members and relatives were among those who were killed and buried in the shallow mass graves that were discovered this week. \r\n===========================================================\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/889860c0825feb1c2e5822451ac413b5 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184246",
    "videoid": "123187112",
    "date_created": "1506966259",
    "date_modified": "1508436483",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c2\/myanmar-govt-163-killed-in-attacks-by-rohingya-muslims\/123184246-123187112"
}