{
    "title": "Katy Perry, Lionel Richie and Luke Bryan say they want 'to make people's dreams come true' as new ju",
    "description": "(4 Oct 2017) NEW 'AMERICAN IDOL' JUDGES: 'LET'S CHANGE THE PERCEPTION' \r\nWhen \"American Idol\" returns for a new season on its new network next year, judge Katy Perry says their objective remains the same: They're looking for a star.\r\nBut the kind of star they find remains to be determined.\r\n\"Some people they don't know that there are other lanes in the freeway so it's not just pop stardom. Maybe you're a Broadway star, maybe you're in voiceover, maybe you're gonna do jingles. Maybe you're a songwriter. Maybe you're a producer. There's so many different ways to go at it. Maybe you just need a little help steering,\" said Perry in New York Wednesday (4 OCT. 2017) where the show was holding auditions.\r\n\"I just love seeing people's face light up when we give them that opportunity and to make people's dreams come true because it actually changes people's lives,\" she added.\r\n\"American Idol\" aired on Fox from 2002 through 2016 and minted stars like Carrie Underwood, Jennifer Hudson and Kelly Clarkson, while making its judges, Randy Jackson and Simon Cowell, household names. It was the No. 1 series for nine years, peaking with 30 million viewers each episode in 2006. \r\nPerry actually filled in as a judge when it was on Fox during the audition rounds of the competition.\r\n\"Ever since that moment when I did that maybe I think six or seven years ago they've always approached me every season and said, 'Hey, is it time? Is it time?' and it wasn't time until now,\" said Perry.\r\nLionel Richie has joined the show as a judge as well because he likes the idea of helping to shape young talent.\r\n\"Personally for me I am at that stage in my life where I have a choice,\" he explained. \"I can do the documentary, I can do my book, I can go to the barber shop and tell stories for the rest of my life and kids will sit around and go 'oh my god, that old man down at the end down there has got some great stories about 1968. Point. Or do you teach? This is a teaching moment. I get to actually give back.\"\r\nHe added,  \"Let's change the perception from guys who judge talent shows and coaches of potential professionals, ok? Let's do that. And if you look at it from that angle, the greatest part about being an instructor is to be forceful when it's necessary, be rude and crude at a point because they can take it and you know they can because this is not an easy business. So you think it's just singing and dancing. It's not. We have to prepare them mentally for the word no. It's coming.\"\r\nFellow judge Luke Bryan said they shouldn't be compared to past judges on the show because they bring something new to the table.\r\n\"I think we can inspire people and show people how it's done too, in our own way,\" he said.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/f62e507289df2824966e2b18cf9b9468 \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184246",
    "videoid": "123185750",
    "date_created": "1507590548",
    "date_modified": "1508436414",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c2\/katy-perry-lionel-richie-and-luke-bryan-say-they-want-to-make-people-s-dreams-come-true-as-new-ju\/123184246-123185750"
}