{
    "title": "Expert: Accuracy Unimportant to Vegas Shooter",
    "description": "(4 Oct 2017) Stephen Paddock had at least a dozen rifles fitted with \"bump stocks\" that allowed them to legally mimic the rapid fire of a fully automatic machine gun. And with the target-rich environment outside the Mandalay Bay casino in  Las Vegas Sunday, former Army Ranger Frankie McRae says accuracy was unimportant.\r\nMcRae is owner of 37 PSR Gun Club near Fort Bragg, North Carolina. He has a license to own and fire fully automatic machine guns.\r\nHe doesn't like bump stocks because they make a rifle less accurate. They work by replacing the gun's factory stock with a device that slides back and forth as the gun fires. The recoil \"bumps\" the finger against the trigger after each shot, which means it is still firing like a semi-automatic rifle.\r\nBecause Paddock was firing from an elevated position into a crowded concert, he didn't need to be accurate.\r\n\"The inaccuracy of it really had nothing to do with that,\" McRae says. \"It was a kill box that he had already defined and had used different positions to cover better.\"\r\nThere has been talk for years about banning these devices. McRae doesn't see that as a solution.\r\n\" I'm a constitutionalist. And the Second Amendment says it shall not be infringed. And the word `infringe' means by banning parts on firearms actually is against the Constitution,\" he says.\r\n\"You know, either way, you know, a hammer could kill people, just like a gun can kill people, just like a car has been used to kill people,\" adds McRae. \"You look in France. They killed 89 people, driving down the street.\"\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/f57140f8e2ea441a21b68f00b8e95b6a \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184246",
    "videoid": "123185818",
    "date_created": "1507570762",
    "date_modified": "1508436414",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c2\/expert-accuracy-unimportant-to-vegas-shooter\/123184246-123185818"
}