{
    "title": "Trump visits amphibious assault ship USS Kearsarge",
    "description": "(4 Oct 2017) RESTRICTION SUMMARY: AP CLIENTS ONLY\/MANDATORY ON-SCREEN CREDIT TO 'US DEFENCE DEPARTMENT'\r\n\r\nDVIDS - AP CLIENTS ONLY\/MANDATORY ON-SCREEN CREDIT TO 'US DEFENCE DEPARTMENT'\r\nCaribbean Sea - 3 October 2017\r\n1. Helicopter coming in to land on amphibious assault ship USS Kearsarge \r\n2. US President Donald Trump and his wife Melania Trump disembarking and saluting crew\r\n3. Trump talking with officials\r\n4. Trump below deck in briefing room UPSOUND (English) Donald Trump, US President:\r\n\"Most people would never know a ship like this exists. And it's for helicopters of all sizes and types. And it's quite something. And it's done a tremendous service for Puerto Rico and for the US Virgin Islands. And we're really, we were so nicely treated by the US Virgin Islands. I mean frankly, over the years, they're great people.\"\r\n5. Crew member of USS Kearsarge describing mission and journey of USS Kearsarge using maps\r\n6. Trump walking out onto deck where military personnel are gathered\r\n7. Trump shaking hands with military personnel\r\n8. Donald Trump and Melania Trump boarding helicopter\r\n9. Helicopter lifts off\r\nSTORYLINE:\r\nUS President Donald Trump on Tuesday visited the amphibious assault ship USS Kearsarge in the Caribbean Sea, following a short visit to Puerto Rico to assess the storm damage.\r\nTrump held discussions on relief efforts in the US Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico with Navy and Marine leaders.\r\nThe vessel and its crew, along with the 26th Marine Expeditionary Unit, are involved in assisting relief efforts following Hurricane Maria.\r\nMeanwhile, the governor of Puerto Rico said the official death toll from Hurricane Maria - which blew ashore Sept. 20. - has been increased to 34 from 16.\r\n===========================================================\r\nClients are reminded: \r\n(i) to check the terms of their licence agreements for use of content outside news programming and that further advice and assistance can be obtained from the AP Archive on: Tel +44 (0) 20 7482 7482 Email: info@aparchive.com\r\n(ii) they should check with the applicable collecting society in their Territory regarding the clearance of any sound recording or performance included within the AP Television News service \r\n(iii) they have editorial responsibility for the use of all and any content included within the AP Television News service and for libel, privacy, compliance and third party rights applicable to their Territory.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/41a733afd06999d81e664710910e664d \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184246",
    "videoid": "123185908",
    "date_created": "1507521596",
    "date_modified": "1508436416",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c2\/trump-visits-amphibious-assault-ship-uss-kearsarge\/123184246-123185908"
}