{
    "title": "Sen. Paul will not vote on GOP health care bill",
    "description": "(26 Sep 2017) Kentucky US Senator Rand Paul says he will not vote for the latest Republican health care bill, calling last-minute changes that would send more money to his state a \"fake repeal,\" that simply \"reshuffles the formula.\"\r\n\"I also think that this is not the promise that we made,\" he told reporters in Washington on Monday. \r\nRepublican leaders over the weekend tweaked the bill to give more money to states including Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky. \r\nThose are all states where senators are either undecided or have indicated their opposition to the bill that would repeal and replace most of former President Barack Obama's health care law. \r\nCongressional Republicans have until Saturday to follow through on their repeated promise of repealing a law most of the country knows as \"Obamacare.\" \r\nAfter that, certain rules in the Senate that would prevent a filibuster by Democrats would expire, meaning any repeal bill would have to have 60 votes. \r\nRepublicans have 52 senators. All Democratic senators would vote against the bill. So far, Paul and fellow Republican Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and John McCain of Arizona have said they would vote against the bill. Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine has said she can't imagine a scenario where she would vote for it. \r\nThe latest bill, known as Graham-Cassidy after its primary sponsors Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, would eliminate the mandate that everyone has to have health insurance. \r\nIt would effectively end the expanded Medicaid program in more than half of the states, taking the money used to fund that program and redistributing it to states based on a new formula. And it would place a federal spending cap on Medicaid. \r\nKentucky was one of 31 states that expanded its Medicaid program under the current law. It allowed more than 400,000 people to get health coverage through Medicaid, prompting the nation's largest percentage decrease in the number of people without health insurance. \r\nThe nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has said it does not have enough time to estimate how the latest GOP bill would impact health coverage. An analysis by the Kaiser Family Foundation last week shows Kentucky's Medicaid program would lose more than $5.3 billion. \r\nChanges to the bill over the weekend would lessen the amount of that cut. But Paul said he opposes the bill because it does not include enough spending cuts. \r\n\"If all we're doing is shifting the money but basically keeping the system, I don't know if we've fundamentally changed anything other than we're reshuffling who gets the money,\" Paul said.\r\n\r\n\r\nYou can license this story through AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/metadata\/youtube\/4eac2bb0f260f6010b71631626d070ac \r\nFind out more about AP Archive: http:\/\/www.aparchive.com\/HowWeWork",
    "channelid": "123184246",
    "videoid": "123187109",
    "date_created": "1506958983",
    "date_modified": "1508436484",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/c2\/sen-paul-will-not-vote-on-gop-health-care-bill\/123184246-123187109"
}